There are so many
others just like you
who will be using
the command line.
Linux's popularity
and ease of use
has created a large
online community
that constantly
publishes information to
help users learn how
to operate Linux.
Since Linux is open-source,
it has become a
global community of
users that contribute
frequently.
This global community
is a huge resource for
all Linux users because users
can find answers
for everyday tasks.
Just searching on the internet
will provide many answers.
The easiest way to troubleshoot
a task is to search and
read about how someone
else has done it.
Looking for resources
on how to execute
a task is a good way for
beginners to continue learning.
So far, you've learned
how to add users,
but imagine if later you
want to add a new group.
One way to learn how to do
this is to search online.
Let's give this a try
through a Google search.
The search results give us
many options for adding
a group in Linux.
Another reputable source is a
Unix & Linux Stack Exchange.
Their answers are ranked with
points to display
high-quality answers.
Many questions relate to
more advanced users and
are geared towards
troubleshooting.
Well, now you know where
to get some extra support
whenever in doubt
about topics in Linux.
There is a lot of support
just a click away.
Coming up, we'll learn
how to get support
from within the command
line itself. Join me.